docs: clarify app database configuration with recovery (#5167)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/replica_cluster.md

using the replica cluster feature — described in this section. The source can
be a primary cluster or another replica cluster (cascading replication).

### About PostgreSQL Roles

A replica cluster operates in continuous recovery mode, meaning no changes to
the database, including the catalog and global objects like roles or databases,
are permitted. These changes are deferred until the `Cluster` transitions to
primary. During this phase, global objects such as roles remain as defined in
the source cluster. CloudNativePG applies any local redefinitions once the
cluster is promoted.

If you are not planning to promote the cluster (e.g., for read-only workloads)

> or if you intend to detach completely from the source of the replica cluster
> once it is promoted, you don't need to take any action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or if you intend to detach completely from the source cluster
once the replica cluster is promoted, you don't need to take any action.
```

This is normally the case of the ["Standalone Replica Cluster"](replica_cluster.md#standalone-replica-clusters).

If you are planning to promote the cluster at some point, CloudNativePG will

> take care of the following roles and passwords when transitioning from replica

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manage the following roles and passwords when transitioning from replica
```
